Three years ago I went to a thrift store and found a Japanese game called Toy Maker on a Japanese stall.

I have asked a Japanese seller to translate the title of the game and he had said "This is Toy Maker, a game for kids." 

I decided to buy it for only 20 dollars (2245.68 Japanese yen), and three hours after I wanted to use the game, I moved to another house and then lost it.

Yesterday whilst searching my old Game Boy on an old backpack, I found the game and I decided that I would try the game today, but it's for DOS. 

I downloaded an emulator called DOSBox on my computer and I installed the game. 

When I started the game, the splash screen was a low quality image, and I see the copyright date and the name of the creator "Tsunayoshi Toshimichi".

When I pressed the Enter button (or the Return button), I see the main menu with three slots:

Start Game - it does not work anymore.

Load Game - the game crashes.

Options - a menu can be opened.

When I opened the options menu I see the other three buttons:

Sounds - when I open it, the game was stuck on a black screen.

Controls - the game crashes (same as Load Game).

Exit to DOS - exits the game as normal.

I can't play this game, and I tried a lot of methods, but it was stuck on the main menu.

I have emailed this guy, and he answered:

"Dear Matteo, I had read your email and yes, a guy on the internet has contacted me and I decided to send him a copy of the game.

I have waited at least two months, and later having waited all this time, he has contacted me with this email:

'Hi, I have created an executable of your game. It can be played from Windows without an emulator, but keep in mind, it isn't finished.

Bye.'

Keep attention, the sounds in the game are a little troublesome and repetitive. The graphics are not looking exactly better.

The game does not have much sense, I have not played it very much but it is a game which exactly puts the anxiety.

Tomorrow, I'll give you a copy of the game converted by that person, and I can send some screenshots if you want.

Good luck..."

After waiting, a person named Kenjiro finally sent me a copy of the game.

I played the game, but I didn't finish it beause in some point, it crashes.

However, there are various paths to different locations and I haven't explored them at all.

I re-contacted Kenjiro for more info, and he gave me two weblinks.

Both of these weblinks are gone due to migrations with 000webhost.

When I downloaded the beta from MediaFire, I extracted the game, and then found out that the files have dates modified as:

12 / 31 / 1992 9:00 PM

When I clicked INSTALL.BAT, it took me to the game. I pressed Enter and this time I was greeted with a menu with some edits.

I pressed "Start Game", and it worked than before. It showed me a big room, with a path that looks like some sort of a shop.

I entered the room, and it took me into another room, with a sign that says "Don't enter. Forget that place." I was confused on what "that place" is.

I entered the room with a metal like door, and I was greeted with a long corridor with portraits. I continued to gather on, and something happened.

The lights went out, so I continued, and when I looked around, someone was behind me. I was startled, so I turned around and even then, after

walking in a long corridor, a jumpscare came to me, and it was some sort of a grey hannya looking at me. This eventually turned into a shattering piece

of what seems to be a mask, and at that time, the game restarted to the first level.

I went to the second room, and this time when I forgot the place, I was greeted into a room of Wolfenstein 3D and Zork II floppy disks.

When I gathered around, there were teddy bears in the room. All of them look normal except some have red eyes.

I continued to walk around unless I noticed that something opened.

I went to the open area, and saw another teddy bear with red eyes. I continued to walk, and saw a figure colored in black with red eyes too.

I went closer, and I heard a loud beep. The figure was gone.

(continued in part 2 of the story)